README.md, before:

# Sea Level X

Sea Level X is an architectural design tool meant to challenge the traditional mode of architectural site representation and connect the human user to the transient outcomes. Architectural site representation assumes stagnancy of site rather than accepting the transiency of coastal sites due to climate change. Sea Level X allows the architect to design today while constantly interacting with future versions of their coastal site. I hope to incite an emotional response in the user to prompt climate action. In turn, the level of nervousness in the user directly affects the rate in which climate change progresses, causing a feedback loop. 
For non-architectural designers, the user can experience a VR walk-through of one of the potential outcomes of a chosen future city using A-Frame through Glitch. The user can also choose an AR experience where they can watch their own immediate space be “transported” to a chosen coastal city and brought through the effects of time. Though not trained designers, the visitor can view their immediate space become transitory, leading to climate action.



## Installation instructions

- Download and install dependency Generation https://www.food4rhino.com/en/app/generation
- Download and install dependency Human UI https://www.food4rhino.com/en/app/human-ui
- Download the Sea Level X zip files
- Open Grasshopper and drag your files
- Refer to SeaLevelX_example


-[Link to live VR site](https://sea-level-x-vr.glitch.me/)

-[Link to edit VR site](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/sea-level-x-vr)

-[Link to live AR site](https://sea-level-x-2040.glitch.me)

-[Link to edit VR site](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/sea-level-x-2040)

Commit message:

added pulse sensor arduino info

README.md, after:

# Sea Level X

Sea Level X is an architectural design tool meant to challenge the traditional mode of architectural site representation and connect the human user to the transient outcomes. Architectural site representation assumes stagnancy of site rather than accepting the transiency of coastal sites due to climate change. Sea Level X allows the architect to design today while constantly interacting with future versions of their coastal site. I hope to incite an emotional response in the user to prompt climate action. In turn, the level of nervousness in the user directly affects the rate in which climate change progresses, causing a feedback loop. 
For non-architectural designers, the user can experience a VR walk-through of one of the potential outcomes of a chosen future city using A-Frame through Glitch. The user can also choose an AR experience where they can watch their own immediate space be “transported” to a chosen coastal city and brought through the effects of time. Though not trained designers, the visitor can view their immediate space become transitory, leading to climate action.



## Installation instructions

- Download and install dependency Generation https://www.food4rhino.com/en/app/generation
- Download and install dependency Human UI https://www.food4rhino.com/en/app/human-ui
- Download and install dependency Firefly https://www.food4rhino.com/en/app/firefly
- Obtain an Official Sea Level X Mouse
- Download Arduino and use the pulse sensor code provided
- Use the diagram for Arduino and pulse sensor setup
- Download the Sea Level X zip files
- Open Grasshopper and drag your files
- Refer to SeaLevelX_example


-[Link to live VR site](https://sea-level-x-vr.glitch.me/)

-[Link to edit VR site](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/sea-level-x-vr)

-[Link to live AR site](https://sea-level-x-2040.glitch.me)

-[Link to edit VR site](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/sea-level-x-2040)
